

##### Make Meaningful Distinctions #####
Programmers create problems for themselves when they write code solely to satisfy a compiler or interpreter

For example,because you can’t use the same name to refer to two different things in the same scope,
you might be tempted to change one name in an arbitrary way.

Consider, for example, the truly hideous practice of creating a variable named klass just because 
the name class was used for something else.

It is not sufficient to add number series or noise words, even though the compiler is satisfied. 
If names must be different, then they should also mean something different.


- Number-series naming (a1, a2, .. aN) is the opposite of intentional naming. 
Such names are not disinformative they are noninformative; they provide no clue to the author’s intention.

- Noise words are another meaningless distinction. Imagine that you have a Product class. 
If you have another called ProductInfo or ProductData, you have made the names different without 
making them mean anything different. Info and Data are indistinct noise words like a, an, and the.

- Note that there is nothing wrong with using prefix conventions like a and the so long as they make a meaningful distinction. 
For example you might use a for all local variables and the for all function arguments.
The problem comes in when you decide to call a variable theZork because you already have another variable named zork.

- Noise words are redundant. 
The word variable should never appear in a variable name. 
The word table should never appear in a table name. 
- Imagine finding one class named Customer and another named CustomerObject. What should you understand as the distinction? 
Which one will represent the best path to a customer’s payment history?


 - the variable moneyAmount is indistinguishable from money, 
 customerInfo is indistinguishable from customer, 
 accountData is indistinguishable from account, 
 and theMessage is indistinguishable from message. 
 Distinguish names in such a way that the reader knows what the differences offer.